I invite you.
Just to solve you by hand
I really look up to you
Even a small message is impossible
Then this Demon God Sword is the life artifact of the human master
It is tailor-made by the demon lord for the god lord
Only the Lord God can pull it out
Didn't you say you are the Lord of God?
Okay, you go and pull out that Kowloon Sword
What are you laughing at?
Are you going to draw the Jiulong Sword?
I said you were fake.
You can't be the real God of Tianmen
What are you in such a hurry to die?
Don't worry, you'll all be together in the underworld soon
Really crawled out
Could he really be the Lord God of Tianmen?
Yao Family Abandoned Young Master
Famous Qi and Blood is actually the Lord God of Tianmen
Are they blind?
I'm done, I killed a godless one once
I'm dead meat.
The Chen family is finished
He is really the god of heaven
It's over. It's over
It's over.
Xiao Wang is on the table, you are welcome to hit
Oh, Joe's house is over here
I can go with that Lenore
Hahahahaha